ref(rate limits): Add concurrent headers (#4931)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/api/ratelimits.mdx

Sentry rate limits every API request made to prevent abuse and resource overuse. The limit is applied to each unique combination of caller and endpoint.

> The rate limit follows a fixed window approach. Requests are counted into time buckets, determined by the window size. If the number of requests from a caller exceeds the number of allowed requests within a window, then that request will be rejected. We restrict both how frequently a request is made and how many requests are occurring within same time period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We restrict both how frequently a request is made and how many concurrent requests a caller can make.

The former rate limit follows a fixed window approach. Requests are counted into time buckets, determined by the window size. If the number of requests from a caller exceeds the number of allowed requests within a window, then that request will be rejected.  Meanwhile, the concurrency limit will reject requests if the user has too many requests in progress at the same time.
```

I don't know if this is the best way to phrase it. It might be worth getting Angela involved to get the correct wording.

> While there is a default rate limit of **40 requests per second**, each endpoint can have their own maximum number of requests and window size. You can track your rate limit usage by looking at special headers in the response.

Reviewer: This is going to be confusing now.  We might just need to have separate sections on this page for RPS and CRL.

Reviewer: Specifically the `40 requests per second`

Sentry rate limits every API request made to prevent abuse and resource overuse. The limit is applied to each unique combination of caller and endpoint.

The rate limit follows a fixed window approach. Requests are counted into time buckets, determined by the window size. The concurrent rate limit limits the number of requests happening at the same time to a given endpoint grouping. If the number of requests from a caller exceeds the number of allowed requests or concurrent requests within a window, then that request will be rejected.

> 

Author: Ugh words are hard, especially when I barely have a grasp on the concept. Sorry if this sucks.
